no no and said nothing about tubby brezac
I have one more year later than
everybody is the next time it is
as you can see both the title and
right here in the video itself
but with the first first before
all right on the 6th French also know
What is a video of a baby?
but then the staff is as follows as me
I promise, I'm committed. I'm here for
record another video of a summer here with
the subscribed staff i hope it gives
Okay, the guys there remember something.
I 'm not with skin because the
skin server is one of the
jango goal again the cars was a
joke side of April 1 gave shit
understood and I hope I know there myself
I hope you come back soon because I like
My fifth on same also like
Steve, dude, because he reminds me when I
I played pirate, everybody I think.
who once played pirate, right?
especially when I started playing and
Then I bought a channel on the
Youtube ours ours now gave me a
nostalgia
I used to do the houses then
That's when I got things
at that time I did not even know what it was
Server me, sir, if you believe in
beauty or else it will be nice to see a
here what you see why I do not know where I went
play hg today and I think it did not work
Yes, but what?
I have with my own team beauty every
person a guy said the video is good to see
his tone today because for a long time that I did not
I record here and I will not play pvp tomorrow
My goodness, it's okay, this is it.
boy what is this boy
I do not know what's happening is
another Sunday having a peak legg
legg's gang half crazy here but it's the
minecraft would be normal
not really not normal it was not
to do normal tomorrow we'll see tomorrow and
stayed with me, I did not stay with my heart and
0 soups and left up
I'm trying to click fast guys
but when you're in the middle of
a summer and if you start to walk a lot and not
can is fast only I can
quick only when I'm as I can
explain to you play fast cyclical
When I'm standing straight, I understand.
but I do not even try the lava anymore
in 1305 the guy is important you always
this will be the attempt to click grant
Fast is good if you're always trying
stay fast on both sides so
we would only have it I can not get it right
Thank you, I like having a chair now.
have precision and how do I do it with a
budget bork so I do not need much
to do quick click but I like
It was also fast because I think it's cute.
the fast click combos but let's go
Hi, I do not know if you're not on a whim.
usually when the person learning the
africa to stop asking for print on
beginning were there one side thanked the
ischemia also here of the other nor tomorrow
Sky Sam I do not know what I'm talking about
weapons
the scheme is also you stay rohde
trying to surround the guy type have more
how you are connected to it so
unite everyone there, I have to
inventory will already died mobile when
of this inventory and it worked out come
I never asked for it and I actually think
in the end but like I never asked for a goal
from there and staff that has more than 3 thousand
people out there more or less so
more or less than 3 thousand people who
watch the videos understood kardec type
that cause the videos are watching
connected by the video on the day of arrival and
then it goes up higher later to a
A little more but then the crowd
of these three thousand people or so is
350 more give it is connected and if you
leave your home and favorite and it helps
enough there I like to see if the public
whether or not they generally like
enough there who watches like magic and there
the quarterbacks do not have not so much
like but the staff is very polite there
It's important to be connected.
leaving your favorite book because it 's a
way to leave feedback there for me
That's it. I'll go and look at it.
people are liking or not
and it is also important to
Messi type comment was a
comment with
I reason not even the people who have mexico
sometimes talk a lot of bullshit is
connected more type
I do not know if you have any ideas for
see edict
something that I can improve on
talk because I read all the
comments is usually linked both
is that some I answer that I think
cool, some guys, I know, but I really do.
so I I like milan
comments from staff that how can I
explain that evaluates really understand
and what kind of your evaluation is important to
me
so let's go guys go pro next
to see one here is that this face guy there
now we give you the prince left no
I will not do it here scolding I'm afraid
to make the quick click and make a mistake because I
I do not like to err fast click but I
I'm cool, I'm fine, I'm fine, because I like
I learned to leave all the tension of the
quick click on the hand you 're on because it has
people who left all the attention of the click
fast on the whole arm that is not
Good guys because at the end of the day, you?
You'll give it all, you'll sleep with a pain.
on the arm of the tank brigade and clicked
It's kind of crazy, and I do not know.
weapons
a tip is also kind you have to keep
all your attention on the hand is on
is the place where you will click on the spu
This is good to have called and then we will.
there personal is me young team young and
type was young I think there was come out
sk page find very cool images
what the guy does he draws dalila and over there
but makes interesting until August that
Enough talking about facebook page to
burn in the neighborhood here is talk and
pimentel would be crazy bago here odd
buying bock pa
neither here nor in me and I'm
Size of your size are I do not even know where
I 'm more there sometimes give a pond
galera mother of the player out that is almost
which plays the noise of one and can not
play this stop do not win in bubu
played the galerinha gallery I do not know more
Let's go, guys.
try to do with the quick click no no
I can not take soup and at the same time
time to do everything fast then forget
Gentleman, forget it because I do not know.
I do not know, God, I did it tomorrow and I fucked up.
messinense pps ac
the last and the last is what I die hello
staff there is because the PMDB only now not
There's one more soup I'm going to die.
died only long time to die
I did not win. I was very engaged.
in this last more personal is the following
I'll leave you guys here
600 jackson video I'm going to stay
very happy very happy face even
Because these days, I 'm not
can record video but I'm
trying every way because I
I find one on the channel on youtube one thing
very important to be connected and therefore
that I never stop recording video ever
So much I can every day but
staff is as follows tomorrow will leave the
minecraft video is also not going
to go out of the tub more because to those who do not
You know I'm making a day bigger.
another magic cube now I 'm going to slow down
the frequency of the magic cube will be two
minecraft days a magic cube I think or
three days you also choose commonly
that's what you think
gil is intercalating this way cd
like magic with mini crash because I think
cool magic cube fell also wanted
bring some cool videos there that I
I ended up blowing my personal magic cube
but it leaves as magic aside I thought
that here is the video text and I went
such